---
layout: post
title: Week 6 Post
---

As I type this blog post, I cannot believe we are already finishing our 6th week of the semester! With only 15 weeks on Professor Downing's calendar it means we have already completed 40% of the class! 

This week we covered some additional code snippets which tested our abilities to generate functions which work with generic data types. Some of the functions seem quite trivial but can be tricky to implement with generics. We also discussed the topic of lambdas in c++ and how these functions can let us make strange and interesting calls. At this point I don't think I can completely wrap my head around the need for lambdas. It seems like a type of shortcut when writing code, but also seems like a nightmare to read/debug. Perhaps this is part of the pain of learning them. I do remember the bloomberg speaker (Chris) mentioning his dislike for them initially only to now use them quite frequently. Hopefully I'll come to like them as well. 

Finally, on Friday we discussed the implementation of a type of iterator. It was interesting to see how some of this works under the covers. The discussion tied in nicely with last week's discussion of different iterator categories (input, output, forward, bidirectional, random access). After seeing how some of this works, last week's discussion makes a lot more sense to me. 


Tip of the week:

If you listen to podcasts checkout ".Net Rocks". I have never written anything in the .Net framework but found this podcast to be extremely interesting. They focus on many programming topics and current events. They also have over 1,000 podcasts posted, which means they probably know what they are talking about. 