---
layout: post
title: Week 8 Post
---

Week 8 is now complete in Professor Downing's Object Oriented Programming class. As the first test is now complete, and everyone is recovering, we are transitioning back to the scheduled projects list. Therefore during this week's lectures Professor Downing spent some time discussing the project and some of its requirements. I find this project to be interesting as Dr. Norman, my operating systems Professor, discussed different methodologies for memory allocation in her class. Specifically, she said Downing's classes always created a heap memory manager. It's kind of neat to have this come full circle and now have the opportunity to complete this project. 

Another thought that comes to mind with all of the week's heap memory discussion is garbage collection. Most introductory languages come with some sort of memory cleanup mechanism and probably do an incredible job without many of us noticing how sloppy we can be. Using a language like c++ can show us how hard it can be to REALLY stay on top of all of our calls to new and malloc. 

I recently heard a podcast where a developer who is a huge fan of Kerbal Space Program (a space flight simulator game), can only play the game for several hours before it completely crashes. Apparently, he confirmed the game suffers from memory leaks which takes the game file into the multiple gigabyte size causing his game to crash. He described that adding parts to his aircraft actually causes the game to crash earlier, probably as a result of pieces of the aircraft containing memory leaks. This all occurring despite the pieces being jettisoned. All of this is great reminder that memory leaks can be a big problem if a garbage collector isn't around to pick up our sloppiness. 


Tip of the week:
Interesting software news.. Tesla's Model S sedan received an over the air software update in the past couple of days which allowed it to be "semi-autonomous". [Wired article here](http://www.wired.com/2015/10/tesla-self-driving-over-air-update-live/)


