---
layout: post
title: Week 5 Post
---

 This blog post covers week 5 of Professor Downings Object Oriented Programming class. It was a very busy week with constant events and talks which were somewhat out of the ordinary. Out of the gate, Monday began with the College of Natural Science career fair. I had never attended before, but was told it would be a very busy environment. The truth was that it was indeed very busy and tiring. The event is hosted in the Frank Erwin Center and covers the basketball court along with the arena hall and mezzanine hall. You are forced to enter on mezzanine level and instructed to follow a path which covers the arena level and the main court. This funneling is brilliant as it does not allow you to miss any companies/organizations. 

 My experience was also a good one, as I was able to speak with all of the companies on my list along with many others. One interesting conversation I had was with a programmer at Bloomberg whose name was Chris. After a bit of chit-chat he began with data structure questions and he probably asked me about eight questions. This was the only company which used this technique and it was rather amusing. Chris also had a great idea which was that students should have one resume, which is scanned at the entrance. The students could be given a barcode and they could use the barcode to "give" companies their resume. It would heavily reduce the amount of paper that both parties deal with. In any case, the experience was positive and most companies were great to speak with. 

 During Wednesday's class, we had a Alex Menzies from JPL as a guest speaker. It was great to hear from JPL as I'm currently reading "The Case for Mars" by Robert Zubrin. In the book Robert not only discusses the many reason why we should colonize Mars, but also the technologies that make it possible. Since the book was published in 2011, there is no mention of the visualization techniques which Alex discussed, which made Alex's talk that much more interesting. Specifically, Alex discussed project OnSight which uses Microsoft's Hololens to help scientists visualize Mars as if they were actually standing there. He also showed us a study which demonstrates that scientists can perceive much better with this tool, rather than with official mission tools. Can't wait to see where this goes in the future!


Tip of the week:

Get to the career fair early! Transportation is buffered and if you get to the pick-up points late, you'll have a great time in the sun. You'll also waste about 30-45 minutes in the check-in line. 