---
layout: post
title: Week 10 Post
---

We have officially reached November in Professor Downing's Object Oriented Programming class. Week 10 was an interesting one as we covered the Darwin project. I find cellular automata to be very interesting and this project uses a type of automata. The project reminds me of the Mike Scott CS-314 project with critters (instead of creatures). In this game four different creatures compete with each other to turn all other creatures into its type. We also get the opportunity to create our own creature, which we call "best". My partner Nicole and I came up with a great solid design and got everything running pretty quickly. In the coming days, we'll be fine tuning the "best" creature and hopefully taking over the map with deadly precision. 

Another interesting part of the week was Wednesday's guest speaker from Mutual Mobile. I assumed he would be promoting his company and the opportunities there. However, almost the entire talk was regarding open source and how it enhances the community and the tools we use everyday. Of course he did promote Mutual Mobile, but always in the ways they impact with open source development. 

Our discussion on Friday was also interesting, because we discussed the use of the STL containers as an underlying structure for our own data-structure. Specifically, Professor Downing had us create a stack using the STL containers. It was great because we could call the methods in the STL to essentially run our data-structure with minimal code. 


Tip of the week:
If you are interested in insane cellular automata check out [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C2vgICfQawE) (interesting portion after minute 2).