---
layout: post
title: Week 9 Post
---

Week 9 has now come to a close in Professor Downing's Object Oriented Programming class. During the earlier part of the week my partner and I put the finishing touches on our Allocator program. The project seemed simpler than others in the past, requiring fewer hours to complete, although there were numerous corner cases to consider. 

In class we discussed the issues with calling new and delete and covered the idea of using STL containers to help with memory management. In a way this makes a lot of sense as the STL is extremely optimized, in another light this almost seems like cheating since we could always just use a garbage collected language instead. I understand that it isn't as efficient, but didn't we choose c++ because of the ability to manage memory ourselves? 

Another topic we discussed in class was friendship. I was aware that classes and methods could be friends, but apparently a function can also be made a friend. It also makes sense that these friendship qualities are not symetric or transitive. Although in real life friendships are not transitive but they do tend to be symetric. At least that's what I hope... :O


Tip of the week:
(Not necessarily programming related, but since the spirit of the blogs are to help us articulate our thoughts..)

Write like you talk.

Paul Graham had a great post on this [here](http://paulgraham.com/talk.html)

Here is a quote from the article:
"After writing the first draft, try explaining to a friend what you just wrote. Then replace the draft with what you said to your friend."