---
layout: post
title: Week 4 Post
---

Professor Glenn Downing's Object Oriented Programming class was interesting this week, as we initially discussed issues with program execution. Many times when writing software we like to catch all bugs and avoid any runtime issues. However, we may not be able to run all possible paths or test all possible input. One example of this was demonstrated in the weekly readings, where the European Space Agency's Ariane 5 rocket blew up due to a software issue. Specifically, a self destruct signal was sent to the rocket 39 seconds after liftoff, due to an abrupt course change originating from the guidance system shutting down. The origin of the shutdown was the computer's attempt to convert a 64-bit number to a 16-bit number. Ultimately, $7 Billion dollars had been spent on the rocket and it only took a miniscule software error to destroy it. Professor Downing connected the reading to the classroom by demonstrating how try-catch blocks can help catch and resolve errors during runtime. 

In addition to the try-catch block conversation, we discussed the passing of parameters to functions and how the mechanism we use can reduce or sometimes eliminate runtime errors (in favor of compile time errors). I believe many of my classmates are well aware of passing by value vs passing a pointer to the value. However, passing by reference wasn't as popular. The notion of passing by reference, for those unfamiliar, allows for an indistinguishable alias of the item being passed. It is interesting to note that even the address is identical to the original value. Professor Downing explained that in many cases passing a reference is beneficial to a pointer. Many times we modify a pointer instead of the value to which it points and in turn create bugs that are difficult to find. Therefore, passing a pointer would require a guard in the called function. A reference does not require the guard and therefore allows for less typing. The only issue is that the call looks a bit ambiguous and you cannot tell if the item passed will actually be modified. Last semester in Dr. Norman's class we worked on the PintOS project in C and I now wish we had references. Many of the problems we ran into were pointer related bugs. I'll have to check with Professor Downing but I believe C has no reference equivalent.  


Tip of the week:
Interesting thought on encryption from Edward Snowden this week:

“So if you have an alien civilization trying to listen for other civilizations, or our civilization trying to listen for aliens, there’s only one small period in the development of their society when all of their communication will be sent via the most primitive and most unprotected means… So when we think about everything that we’re hearing through our satellites or everything that they’re hearing from our civilization (if there are indeed aliens out there), all of their communications are encrypted by default… So what we are hearing, that’s actually an alien television show or, you know, a phone call… is indistinguishable to us from cosmic microwave background radiation.”

I guess if Snowden is right, SETI has been catching encrypted messages for years!! 

From [StarTalk podcast](http://www.startalkradio.net/shows-archive/) with Neil deGrasse Tyson.
