---
layout: post
title: Week 7 Post
---

With week 7 now complete in Professor Downing's Object Oriented Programming class, we have tied together the idea of iterators and containers. Our simple range_iterator was now made to live inside of a Range class and the range_iterator is now simply known as iterator. When only looking at one area it is sometimes difficult to see how the pieces fit. Now that all of these pieces are together, I believe it is much easier to see how things work.

In addition to the iterator discussion, we spoke about arrays and how passing arrays into functions can sometimes be misleading. Luke (a classmate) posted the following [link](https://lkml.org/lkml/2015/9/3/428) where Linus Torvalds calls the following "_shit_".

for (i = 0; i < sizeof(mcs_mask); i++)

He goes on to say: 
"Since array arguments don't actually exist in C, it is the size of the pointer, not the array."

I think this is completely reasonable for someone to complain about. Especially if you are Linus and you are programming in C. However, this class is in C++ not C. Which makes me wonder why we don't use the container library array for most things, rather than the language built in array. It really is a solution to some of the problems including knowing the size of an array when passing to a function. I am glad we know the sizeof() issue, I just wonder why this isn't presented as a solution. 

The following code works as expected (-std=c++11). 


#include <iostream>
#include <array>

using namespace std;

template<typename T, size_t N>
void functionHere(array<T, N> const &arr){
	cout << "array size in bytes: " << sizeof(arr) << endl;
	cout << "array size in count: " << arr.size() << endl;
}

int main(int argc, char **argv){
	array<int,5> myArray;
	cout << "size of array in bytes: " << sizeof(myArray) << endl;
	cout << "size of array in count: " << myArray.size() << endl;
	functionHere(myArray);
	return 0;
}


Finally, we also had an exam this week. It was nice to have the following day (Friday) off as it allowed many of us to catch up on other classes. The test was reasonable and the time allotted was sufficient. Not sure if I'm allowed to say anything else so I'll leave it at that. 


Tip of the week:

When generous classmates post their one page reference sheets online for the test -look at them. Mark Mansi(a classmate) had such an awesome sheet, it helped me locate the shortcomings of mine.. three times.. 