---
layout: post
title: Week 10 Post
---



**What did you do this past week?**

This past week was different from previous weeks in Glenn Downing's Software Engineering class. The week was atypical because we only had a lecture on Monday. Wednesday's class had two guest speakers from Pariveda Solutions. Friday's class was cancelled due to the 50 year anniversary of the computer science department. 

**What's in your way?**

Some of the regular expressions we discussed in class will probably take some time to memorize. There appeared to be many rules and although regex are very powerful, they are not easy to remember. 

**What will you do next week?**

Next week I'll be spending time with my team on the second phase of the project. As of this moment we have passing unit tests, which is a large step toward confirming our models and setting up our database. 

***

It was very nice for professor Downing to cancel class on Friday, it gave us the time to attend the 50 year anniversary of the computer science department which had some interesting talks. I had the opportunity to listen to talks from UT professors Brent Waters, Etienne Vouga, and from the CTO of the White House Office of Science and Technology. I particularly enjoyed Etienne Vouga's enthusiastic discussion on the future of computer graphics. Later I bumped into professor Downing who was pressed for time and couldn't climb the rock wall in the atrium. Perhaps if I visit in the 60th UTCS anniversary I'll convince him!

***

**Tip of the week:**
I recently found this great [article](https://codewords.recurse.com/issues/two/git-from-the-inside-out) on some of the inner workings of git. I recommend the read.

