---
layout: post
title: Week 7 Post
---




**What did you do this past week?**

This past week we briefly discussed range on Monday. On Wednesday we discussed itertools and some interesting concepts with packing and unpacking. Specifically, we discussed packing and unpacking of tuples and dictionaries and how they relate to the function which they are passed into. On Thursday we had an exam and Friday had no class. 

**What's in your way?**

With project 2 and Exam 1 out of the way there isn't much in the way in the coming days. At this point it appears that we have been assigned groups which is somewhat contrary to Professor Downing's earlier confirmation allowing us to select partners. Not sure if these groups are final, but I would be a bit upset since it is my last semester at UT and I'd like to work with some friends for the last time. 

**What will you do next week?**

Next week I have some assignments to turn-in for other classes, but not much in Software Engineering. 

***

Professor Downing asked us to comment on exam 1 and how it could have been better. Overall, the experience was quite a good one. The room was large and appeared to have lots of power plugs. The exam itself started late, but it was because the room had been used earlier and delayed the previous exam(I was told) which in turn delayed our exam. In any case, the start time was not much of an issue for me. The exam seemed fair with questions which were similar to things which we discussed in class. I also felt like 90 minutes was a good amount of time to cover all of the questions. The only area that could improve was the starting time (although it wasn't a big deal). Perhaps adding a 30-minute gap between OOP ending time and SWE starting time would help?!

***

**Tip of the week:**
[Cuba's CDN](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fTTno8D-b2E)
