---
layout: post
title: Week 1 Post
---




**What did you do this past week?**
This past week was a bit short given that we only started school on Wednesday. It should be my last semester at UT and therefore I spent some time catching up with friends in and out of the SWE class. I also spent some time ensuring I have the latest tools on my machine for all of my classes.

**What's in your way?**
Docker. I have some friends who have previously taken SWE and Docker was a big hurdle for them. Apparently, Professor Downing’s docker-hub image wasn’t something they had access to, which further complicated their development in SWE. So far it seems to be straight-forward, although I’m sure I’ll get stuck somewhere at one point. 

**What will you do next week?**
Next week’s calendar is still empty on Professor Downing’s website. I’m sure most of next week I’ll be spending time learning more about Python. At this point my experience with Python is quite limited and I’m interested to learn more. 

Having previously taken OOP with professor Downing my experience in the class is very similar to the previous course. I believe most people know the first project is basically the same just in a different language. Of course these courses are not the same, and given that SWE has a writing flag it would seem logical that there is lots of writing in our future. 

On a final note, I find that despite being in [UTC (built in 1984)](http://facilitiesservices.utexas.edu/buildings/UTM/0500) it is much more comfortable than our OOP room located in [CLA (built in 2012)](http://facilitiesservices.utexas.edu/buildings/UTM/0540). Perhaps it’s just the lower floors of CLA, but I found that class has the desks too close for comfort. 

**Tip of the week:**
My tip of the week is to learn as much as possible about Docker. Here is a [link](https://blog.risingstack.com/operating-system-containers-vs-application-containers/) which compares containers to full blown VMs.