---
layout: post
title: Week 9 Post
---




**What did you do this past week?**

This past week I spent a good amount of time wrapping up project three with my team. We decided to create our project on AWS and had to configure the instance, DNS and server before anything would actually work. Later we worked on some of the back-end work and front-end work simultaneously. We also had to clarify what data we wanted to pull via APIs and as a result we modified our models.

**What's in your way?**

Although we have just wrapped up our third project I have quite a bit of things to do for other classes. Finishing other class projects would be nice since we only have about ten days before project four is due.

**What will you do next week?**

This coming week I'd like to wrap up some other class projects while working on SWE's fourth project. Given that project four is mostly about database integration I think it might be a bit tougher on the back-end and easier on the front-end as a result. I'm hoping the team would have the project wrapped up with ample time to spare in case we have any last minute issues.

***

In class we covered some database topics in the past couple of days, namely select, project, crossjoin, thetajoin, and naturaljoin. In my previous experience with databases this was always abstracted away from us, we simply selected a column within a given table or joined two tables based on some attribute. In SWE it is interesting to think about the internal mechanisms of the given function. I believe SQLAlchemy (a tool used in the project) will abstract this away from us as well, but it is interesting to attempt to implement this in python and to shed some light on the abstractions we typically do not think about. 

***

**Tip of the week:**
I recently read a nice article I thought I'd share:
[Be kind](https://www.briangilham.com/blog/2016/10/10/be-kind)
