---
layout: post
title: Week 5 Post
---




**What did you do this past week?**

This past week had an interesting mix of topics in Glenn Downing's software engineering class. Initially on Monday we discussed iteration in python, we also discussed the reduce() function. On Wednesday we had Alex Menzies visit our class and discuss his efforts on using the hololens to project Mars onto a field of view. He discussed how various studies showed how even experts can benefit from the immersive experience. On Friday we discussed RMSE once again, but this time by incorporating the map() function. 

**What's in your way?**

I have an interview on Monday before Software Engineering and it is quite far from UTC. Getting to class on time for the quiz will be quite a challenge. 

**What will you do next week?**

For this coming week I have nothing due for Software Engineering, but I do have some assignments released in my other classes. I'll be working on those as soon as possible to have time to study for the upcoming Software Engineering exam. 

***

The big hurdle this past week was the Career fair and associated events. On Monday I attended the security dinner which was interesting and had good food. Initially I was on a table which just happened to receive Alex Menzies from JPL. He answered many of our questions and showed us some cool demos on his machine. Other organizations with a bigger focus on security were also there and it was quite interesting to hear from them. On Tuesday it was non-stop with an early brunch followed by a Career Fair that lasted until 6pm. At the end of the day I was exhausted, but happy with the number of organizations I was able to meet with.

***

**Tip of the week:**
Don't expect interviews to be set for many weeks out from Career Fair. My experience this fall of 2016 is that it may happen that week. Be ready!
