---
layout: post
title: Week 12 Post
---


**What did you do this past week?**

This past week was another change of language and focus in Glenn Downing's software engineering course. Over the course of the week we discussed a piece of software that was responsible for renting movies. It was written in java and its purpose was to help us understand how software is refactored. One part which I found to be interesting is that iterators were not used when this book was written(from where the java code came) and enumeration was used instead. When you wanted to check if there was another object to enumerate you would call "rentals.hasMoreElements()". 

**What's in your way?**

With the second exam coming soon, a focus on reviewing material will be essential. There have been many topics in many languages and I'm assuming it is all fair game for the exam. Although the project has been the main focus, the exam is really the big item which is in the way.

**What will you do next week?**

As many others have already mentioned the coming week will bring a focus on finalizing the group project. Over the weekend I met with my team with the goal of wrapping up loose ends and assigning some final parts. On thursday and into next weekend we will also surely focus on finalizing the API calls to another group's API.

***

The final project has been a good experience in teamwork, scheduling and use of tools for me. Thus far, I think it's fair to say that only operating systems had a more intense project with SWE coming in second over my time at UT. Having said this, I feel the SWE project has a larger breadth of current technologies over operating systems. Most other classes I've taken at UT only had projects with several hundred lines of code to complete. I feel as though there should be an increased effort to create large projects with multiple phases. These phases should build on earlier versions, since this helps students understand how real software is built. In addition, it helps students reflect on earlier design decisions. 

***

**Tip of the week:**
I highly recommend leaving the computer off for a 24 hour period at least once a month. Getting outside and not "connecting" is a good way to relax and refresh the mind. 
