---
layout: post
title: Week 14 Post
---


**What did you do this past week?**

This past week we spent Monday and Wednesday presenting our semester project in Glenn Downing's Software Engineering class. It was nice to have the last day of presentations as it allowed our team additional days to prepare our slides and visualizations. Overall, the presentations did not seem too tough since the talking is split over six or seven people (depending on the team size). On Thursday we took our second exam for the course. Overall I thought the exam was fair although I was expecting six not seven questions. It is nice that professor Downing does not have a final as it gives us the time after the dead week off. I think this is an underappreciated feature of the class! 

**What's in your way?**

There is nothing left in the way in terms of class material for Software Engineering. I do have to finish some small items for other courses, but otherwise I'm pretty much complete with the semester. 

**What will you do next week?**

At this point I'm not sure what next week will bring. I have just completed my BS in CS at UT and the upcoming break will be nice. My wife is also due to have our little girl on December 19th, so my homework will only increase from here on out! :D

***

I've very much enjoyed Software Engineering with Glenn Downing this semester. Professor Downing's OOP class was great, but SWE is probably even better. As I mentioned in a previous blog post, I think more large group projects with several phases are fantastic. My reasoning is that large projects with many phases causes students to take ownership of decisions early since poor decisions may result in much more work later on.

I'd like to close this blog by personally thanking Professor Downing for the great year I've had in his classes, I wish everyone in the class all the best and hope everyone has a great much deserved break!

***

**Tip of the week:**
Watch this [Planet Earth 2 trailer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rv9hn4IGofM). It is a fantastic series about our planet from the BBC. The scene is probably the best animal scene ever caught on camera(IMHO)!
