---
layout: post
title: Week 8 Post
---




**What did you do this past week?**

This past Monday Professor Downing spent most of the class period discussing projects 3,4, and 5. In reality they are one large project with three different phases. Initially we create a website with static content, then we move to dynamic content on part two, and finally we add a search functionality to the entire website.  Wednesday and Friday we discussed the topic of decorators in python. These are a very interesting way to "decorate" or wrap our functions with other functions to add functionality. I'm sure there will be more to decoration in the future, but they seem to offer interesting shorthand for useful functionality. 

**What's in your way?**

Our team had a bit of an issue finding a topic for the project. We had certain restrictions such as no entertainment which knocked out some of our initial ideas. After some discussions over the last few days, we seem to have found a topic with some APIs which would work well. Something that is in my way is to look at the APIs in greater detail to ensure we will have appropriate data. 

**What will you do next week?**

With project 3 (phase 1 of the large project) due on Thursday, the team needs to work on completing and submitting this project. I'll spend most of this week on completing this project and planning for the next phase. 

***

The class and projects are both going well for me. I'm a bit eager to find out how the exam has gone for me. We'll probably find out our grades sometime this week (my guess). 

***

**Tip of the week:**
Recently I read a [great Wired article with Obama on AI](https://www.wired.com/2016/10/president-obama-mit-joi-ito-interview/), I recommend the read. 


