---
layout: post
title: Week 4 Post
---




**What did you do this past week?**

 This past week we discussed some minor python code on Monday and then quickly jumped to project2. Project 2 is related to Netflix and its ratings. Essentially, Netflix tries to predict your rating of a certain film given all of the prior ratings you've submitted. The goal is to minimize the root-mean-square error which is basically the "distance" between how many stars you are predicted to give a film vs how many stars you actually gave a film. 

 During the process of working on the project we also learned about python pickle files. These files allow us to serialize information into our program very quickly which was key in precomputing and "pickling" large amounts of information. One of the pickle files my partner and I used took about four minutes to create but takes only about one second to read in and use. Amazing.. 

**What's in your way?**

As of this moment everything seems to be under control. One of my other CS courses requires a long paper which is almost complete and I hope to finish that over the weekend with my team. 

**What will you do next week?**

This coming week limited time will be the challenge. The majority of the week will be focused on career related events. As I mentioned in a previous post, it is my last semester at UT and looking ahead is going to become a bigger focus as the semester progresses.

***

This week we also had our first guest speaker, Chris Martin from Bloomberg. Chris was someone who I previously heard speak before as he made a presentation in last fall's Object Oriented Programming class. The talk was very similar to last year, but had somewhat of a bigger focus on Bloomberg's community engagement. I was also surprised to hear from professor Downing that Bloomberg donates about 85% of profits. This is astounding as last year's profit was 3.6 Billion dollars. Just for a comparison, AMD (the chip company) has a market capitalization of about 5 Billion dollars!

***

**Tip of the week:**
Exercise, it will make you feel better. 
