---
layout: post
title: Week 11 Post
---






**What did you do this past week?**

This past week had lots of database information in Glenn Downing's Software Engineering class. On Monday we discussed XML and the different ways in which schemas could be defined. We also discussed the Document Type Definition(DTD) which defines the legal building blocks of an XML file. On Wednesday we briefly discussed JSON (JavaScript Object Notation), which is a much easier language to parse than XML. The later part of Wednesday and Friday was primarily a discussion on SQL where we looked at the query syntax and the resulting data on a different window. 

**What's in your way?**

I currently have three projects over three different classes to complete before the semester is over. Finishing the projects and preparing for the SWE exam are things I'll be focusing on. 

**What will you do next week?**

Next week I'll be focused on the SWE project with my team. As I mentioned earlier some other class projects are also on the horizon and I'll have to divide my time over these different projects. 

***

This past week was a very busy week for me in terms of the Software Engineering class. My primary role was the API calls and filling the database for our project. The API which we used was returning lots of information (of which nulls appeared everywhere) and filtering and massaging of data was necessary before we entered it into the database. The necessary code was probably three times longer than I expected but luckily the team got this part of the project working correctly.

Once my back-end tasks were completed I tried to help with front-end code and realized I was completely lost. Front-end code is much more complicated than any of us expected on the team. In addition, the team unknowingly implemented the tables with pagination and sorting without using any libraries. After speaking with some other teams we realized many other teams simply used libraries to handle pagination and sorting. In the last phase of the project we'll probably switch to a library as we appear to have some bugs in our implementation of these front-end features. 

***

**Tip of the week:**
Missions to Mars are difficult. Since the 1960's the following table shows the outcomes for each of the missions [List of missions to Mars](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_missions_to_Mars).

(OUTCOMES)
Successful - 17
Mostly successful - 2
Operational - 8
Launch failure - 10
Spacecraft failure - 14
Partial failure - 4

total missions - 55


If we count the categories "successful", "mostly successful" and "operational" as desired outcomes, then we have an international total of 49.09% of missions with a desired outcome since the 1960s. Granted most of the failures were from the Soviet Union. However, the US had a streak of failures in the late 1990s and Europe had a partial failure with Schiaparelli only a few days ago. My tip of the week... If you are going to Mars don't celebrate till you land. 

