---
layout: post
title: Week 3 Post
---




**What did you do this past week?**

This past week I wrapped up some loose ends with my collatz project and submitted it for grading. I was also able to attend the Engineering Expo. Overall the Expo is very similar to the CNS Career Fair with the exception that many companies are also looking for other engineering disciplines. The size is about the same as the CNS Career Fair with two upper floors and the court filled with booths. It was a good event and I'm glad professor Downing pushes students to attend both events. 

**What's in your way?**

At this moment I don't have much in my way. The collatz project has been turned in and the next project is not out yet. I'll probably spend some time looking at some of the nuances in the way python treats lists and tuples. 

**What will you do next week?**

Next week project 2 is released to the class. Given the CNS career fair is only the week after, it would be nice to have it completed early. At this moment we do not have any knowledge of the type of project we will be doing. However, given the nature of this class, it may somehow be related to the web. (that's my guess anyway) 

***

My impression of python thus far is of wonder. At some moments professor Downing explains how something will behave and I have to stop and try to think how it is implemented under the covers. There is a lot of magic going on in this language which is great but also terrifying. 

We also had the following interesting bit of code in class. In this example we create a tuple with some values, then "copy" the contents using the "[:]" operator. Then we check the type of b and it turns out it isn't a list despite the operator. Somehow it remains a tuple. 

{% highlight python %}
a = (2,3,4)
b = a[:]
print(type(b))
<class 'tuple'>
{% endhighlight %}

***

**Tip of the week:**
Attend the Engineering Expo.. It will help you find bugs before the CNS career fair!

