---
layout: post
title: Week 13 Post
---


**What did you do this past week?**

This past week was the last week of lectures in Glenn Downing's Software Engineering course. We started the week discussing dynamic binding in java and the concept of a singleton. On Wednesday we had guest speakers from Spiceworks. On Friday we had the last lecture from Professor Downing, and we finished the movie/rentals example discussing reflections. 

**What's in your way?**

As of this moment the visualizations page is something I'm in charge of in my team. I'll be working on this in the coming days. We'll also have to review the presentation slides before presenting November 30th. 

**What will you do next week?**

This coming week is Thanksgiving break. I'll use this time to catch up with some projects in other courses and finalize the presentation with the team for the software engineering course. Exam two will also be a focus of mine since that is quickly approaching on December 1st. 

***

I'm a bit nervous about the breadth of topics and languages which might be fair game for the second exam. Since taking the first exam we have use python decorators, created sql-like functions in python(cross-join, etc), we have used regular expressions, xml, json, discussed sql concepts, and have been covering refactoring topics in java which include topics in dynamic binding, singletons and reflections. The amount of topics/languages seems to suggest the second exam will be much harder than the first. With that said it's probably a good idea to start reviewing early. 

On a side note, at this point I've found the software engineering class to be more enjoyable than object oriented programming (both with Professor Downing). The reason for this is that the software engineering class is more broad in terms of topics,languages and concepts (despite this expanding exam two topics). Object oriented programming was also enjoyable, but it felt like a deep dive on certain topics rather than a broader overview. 

***

**Tip of the week:**
This was an [interesting article](http://duartes.org/gustavo/blog/post/anatomy-of-a-program-in-memory/) which I recommend.
